README.md, before:

# AIB
This is a public repository for Azure Image Builder (AIG) files referenced in my YouTube series on AIB.  See www.ciraltos.com for more details.

All templates, files and other content on this site are offered as-is, with no warranty, expressed or implied.  Test it before you trust it!

## Video 1
Register-Features.ps1 - Register features and resource providers  
Enable-Identity.ps1 - Create the managed identity, custom role and assign the role to the managed identity

## Video 2
Download-Template.ps1 - Commands to download and update the template, and run the deployment  
Win10MultiTemplate.json - Simple AIB Template File  

## Video 3
Download-AppInstallTemplate.ps1 - Commands to download and update the template with applications, and run the deployment  
Install-Applications.ps1 - script to install Foxit Reader and NotePad++  
Win10MultiAppsTemplate.json - AIB template file with customizations to download and install software
### Software Links
Foxit Reader Enterprise Packaging (requires registration)  
https://kb.foxitsoftware.com/hc/en-us/articles/360040658811-Where-to-download-Foxit-Reader-with-Enterprise-Packaging-MSI-  
Notepad++  
https://notepad-plus-plus.org/downloads/v7.8.8/  
See comments on creating a custom setting to disable auto update message  
https://community.notepad-plus-plus.org/post/38160

Commit message:

Updated Install-Applications.ps1 with Sysprep fix and time zone redirection

README.md, after:

# AIB
This is a public repository for Azure Image Builder (AIG) files referenced in my YouTube series on AIB.  See www.ciraltos.com for more details.

All templates, files and other content on this site are offered as-is, with no warranty, expressed or implied.  Test it before you trust it!

## Video 1
Register-Features.ps1 - Register features and resource providers  
Enable-Identity.ps1 - Create the managed identity, custom role and assign the role to the managed identity

## Video 2
Download-Template.ps1 - Commands to download and update the template, and run the deployment  
Win10MultiTemplate.json - Simple AIB Template File  

## Video 3
Download-AppInstallTemplate.ps1 - Commands to download and update the template with applications, and run the deployment  
Install-Applications.ps1 - script to install Foxit Reader and NotePad++  
1/30/2021 -Updated Install-Applications.ps1 with Sysprep fix and time zone redirection

### Software Links
Foxit Reader Enterprise Packaging (requires registration)  
https://kb.foxitsoftware.com/hc/en-us/articles/360040658811-Where-to-download-Foxit-Reader-with-Enterprise-Packaging-MSI-  
Notepad++  
https://notepad-plus-plus.org/downloads/v7.8.8/  
See comments on creating a custom setting to disable auto update message  
https://community.notepad-plus-plus.org/post/38160
